The Joe Rogan experience.
There's nothing like that for us, for music, you know, like I,
he took me there and you guys hang, not really. I mean, there was at one point,
you know, I bartended at the Viper room for years. Really? Yeah. Well,
that's how I ended up moving to LA. I was, uh, I was home.
It was getting really miserable in Berkeley.
I'd been home for about a week from the end of touring. Uh, everywhere I went,
it was an issue, not, you know, mostly positive, but still it's like,
you feel like everybody's looking at you.
There are kids camped out on my lawn a couple days,
a bunch of days in a row,
at least one like a hundred people come up to me a day,
but one of them was like, Hey, are you that guy from county guys? Yeah.
You're Adam dirty.
Yeah, you guys are so lucky. Oh, thank you. I mean,
cause you suck and there's so many good bands in the bay area. It's wild.
That abandoned, as you would be so success to your face. Yeah. I was just like,
it happened like four or five days in a row.
I mean a new dwarfed by the amount of people that were coming up,
just loving the band, but still, it was like,
it started to feel like if there's going to be one of these every day is one of
I'm going to have a gun. You know, it's like,
is this Mark David Chapman is like,
it seems such a weird obsession to walk up to a total stranger in the line for a
bank, you know? And just say something like that. Yeah. Like,
and it was so weird. Uh, but we, we got really famous really quickly.
And uh, I was the only people I knew in LA really were people at the Viper am.
I I'd met a few of them playing across the street at the whiskey on the first
tours. And uh, so I was went home that day. I'd been home for, I think,
seven days. And it happened like six of those seven days. And uh,
I got a phone call and it was, it was sound Johnny,
Sal Jenka who ran the Viper and his Johnny Depp's partner.
And they called me up and they're like, Hey,
we want to invite you to this party tonight.
And I was like kind of half and half out. I wasn't really listening. And,
and finally they're like, wait, what's going on man?
And I told them what was happening and they're like, I can't hang on.
I can put you on hold. I sat there on the finding of what was going on.
They came back and they said, okay, it's Kate Moss, his 21st birthday tonight.
And we're throwing a party here. The club's closed.
We're just throwing a party for friends. We want to invite you.
We got you a room at the Bellagio and you have a reservation on the flight at
six o'clock Oakland to Burbank, just get on it.
Someone will pick you up at the airport.
You've got to rim at the Bellagio, get the out of there.
So I like grabbed my stuff, went to the airport,
went to this party at the vibrant, with just like interesting people.
And I was like, I didn't go home again. That was it. I moved to LA after that,
it was, uh, I did, I stayed at the Bellagio for a few days.
I moved to like a bungalow at the sunset Marquis. And then eventually, uh,
I rented this house in the Hills, one, the, one of the bartenders,
Shannon McManus at the Viper, her best friend was Christine Applegate.
And she was my landlord. She ran me this old, like she had this place.
It was like a little cottage in Laurel canyon.
And it turned out it was built by the cowboy star, Tom mix in the twenties.
And then it was Nevins like in town, pad.
And he named it rogues or treat when there was a little sign up there after this
TV show, he was on called the rogues and like the sixties. Uh, and then I dunno,
I think it was the, I don't know what it was after that,
but she owned it and I stayed there.
I wrote most of our second record in that place before I bought a place.
But yeah, man, the Viper and for a couple of years there, I,
I bartended all the time.
Cause it was just less crowded on that side of the bar. So I,
my friends all worked there, so I was be there anyways, hanging out with them.
And after awhile I bartended.
While you were a rockstar. Oh yeah.
Huge rock at the height of it. Wow.
Uh.
Well when I was back there and I'd be hanging out with Shannon,
smoking cigarettes, drinking beers behind the bar, you know, in the,
in the downstairs bar there, the little one and I don't know,
at one point I'd help her out with stuff. And at one point she's like,
I can go to the bathroom. There's nobody else. Will you just mind the bar?
And I was like, yeah, sure. So I did it. And you know,
I had no qualms about berating people for tips.
Um, I'm a rockstar and they're not my tips, so why not? So I made her,
so I made her like a few hundred dollars in there,
like five minutes she was gone. And uh, she's like,
you gotta do this all the time. So I just started going there. I mean,
that's where I lived anyways. I was kind of there every day.
The only people I knew.
So I just started bartending every night and it was like my home, you know,
it was like, I felt it was like a cheers thing. I felt like.
Okay, there, it's kind of a cool way to interact with people too,
because there is a barrier.
It is less crowded over there and it's probably kind of fun. Yeah.
You know, you, you, uh, talk to him if you want to, if you don't want to,
you got to get a beer for someone else. So I, you know,
and there was just so many people, it was like, what I thought like, uh,
the left bank would have been like in Paris, in the twenties. I mean,
it was like Alan Ginsburg coming in and William Burroughs, the Hughes brothers,
all these different filmmakers, you know, musicians, Tom petty. Yeah.
It was just really wild. Gimme Haynes from the surfers. You know,
we were all just hanging out there. Wow. Johnny Johnny's clubhouse. And we all,
we had barbecues on sunset on Sundays, you know, and we just sort of,
for a few years, it was this really cool,
like club kind of wow. Like a clubhouse. It was very much like that.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.